Now, because we need to gather data from somewhere, it is going to be a trivia app.
I found this Jason that is hosted at this link.
Here I can.
I'll give you the.
You'll have access to this link and you can see here is a JSON payload.
So we have here.
So we have here at the beginning, a square bracket there, which means this is going to be a list and
inside of each list we have objects.
So this would constitute, of course, the first item.
Right.
So there is a question.
The first object, if you close here, right?
There it is.
So there are a lot of information.
There's this list contains a lot of questions or previous, if you will.
So we have a question and then we have the category and we have the answer, right?
So the choices then are also hosted inside of another.
List, yes.
True or false or false or true, as you see.
And so the answer here, the field says true.
That means that the question is true.
So if the user in this case, as we build their application, it's true, then they will have answered
true quite correctly.
So this is the structure of each one of our question, right?
So this is the question.
And of course, we have category this is just for the application if we wish to use categories because
each section could have different categories.
But we're just going to simplify everything when I we're not going to use this category, but in any
case, we can use, if you want to do and then we have the answer is going to be Louisiana.
Of course, if and of course, then the users are given all these choices to choose from, just like
we saw in our demo.
So this is the payload Jason payload.
We're going to be able we are going to pass this data from this link and then construct an actual trivia
question and show to the user all the options.
And then when the user picks the correct or the wrong answer, we let them know and we move forward.
So that's the essence of this trivia app.
So next to what we're going to be doing is we are going to look at creating the actual model class,
which will model after this JSON payload that we have that set up.
OK, so we're going to start from the back, meaning we are going to start from putting together the
data layer and then go to the user interface.